All right! I finally found
obtained the disc
that contains Star Platinum!
Jolyne Cujoh.
Is it possible she
defeated that incompetent guard
and took the disc all
by herself?
[Stone Ocean] Ora, ora, ora!
I'm gonna get my dad's disc
out of this prison.
And that includes the one
Pale Snake's holding onto.
Just watch.
[Pale Snake] Of course,
I erased all knowledge
of myself
from Miraschon's memory disc.
An obvious choice.
And therefore,
nobody can reach me.
The true difference between
a human
and an animal is
nothing less than
whether or not they desire
to go to heaven after they die.
[crunch]
People should live their lives
in such a manner
that they'll be let
into heaven.
For that is...
the beauty inherent
in the nature of humankind.
[opening theme song playing]
[inmate 1] The soap!
[inmate 2] I want some hair dye.
[inmate 3] Give me
the most expensive watch
you have back there.
[Jolyne] Hey, move it.
I'm going to use
the phone now, right?
Huh?!
Are you insane, girl?!
Get that gum out of my face
or I'll beat you--
[short gasp]
-[clicks]
Oh, my mistake.
Please sit down
so your feet don't get tired.
By the way, here's a cold can
of cola for you.
Enjoy your drink!
Come again anytime.
[clicking]
[line ringing]
[ringing]
[clicks]
[woman] This is
the Speedwagon Foundation
headquarters in Dallas, Texas.
Please be advised.
We don't accept
collect calls on this line.
But I looked
in the phone book.
This is all I could find.
Just listen for one second.
I'm an inmate incarcerated
at the Green Dolphin Street
Prison in Florida,
and my name is Jolyne Cujoh.
Please connect me to somebody
who knows what that means.
Please hold.
[line ringing]
[clicks] Sorry for the wait.
Are you the daughter
of Professor Jotaro Kujo?
And you are?
I'm just
a foundation representative.
Also, so you know,
I'm not a Stand User.
Oh...
Still, you clearly know
about Stands though.
Do you happen to know
anything about discs?
Yes, of course.
After Dr. Jotaro Kujo's body
was retrieved from the UUV,
he wasn't transferred here
to Dallas.
Nevertheless, rest assured,
his body is being sheltered
in a safe area.
[sighs] However...
It's really rather unfortunate,
you see,
but there are, well...
no signs of life,
medically speaking.
[grunts] Shit...
Would you believe me
that he could be revived?
I'm merely a scientist.
I can't.
I've obtained one disc.
I have it.
He'll come back to life.
I'm certain that
my father will definitely
regenerate with this.
[man sighs]
I want to give the foundation
this disc
by any means necessary,
but I don't know how.
You need to come up
with an idea.
I want to get the disc
out of this prison.
Immediately.
Excuse me, miss, but
isn't this call being recorded
by the prison?
Yes, it probably is.
Trust me, I'm fully aware
of that possibility,
but I have no time, sir.
It's extremely urgent.
It's now or never.
I'm in an unbelievably
dangerous situation.
I can't safely hide the disc
anywhere.
[man sighs]
There's gotta be a way
for this to work.
Just so you know, though,
I'm not allowed
to have any visitors.
I understand.
If you insist...
Meet in the courtyard.
In the courtyard?
You talking about
the one sandwiched
between the women's
and men's prisons?
Exactly. That's the one.
If you can meet us there
in 20 minutes,
I think I have an idea.
Wait, get there
in twenty minutes?
From right now?
Yes. It's urgent, isn't it?
If you want us
to collect the disc,
we will do so
with the utmost effort.
If you say he'll be revived,
then we believe you.
However,
you must understand
that we're an unarmed
chemotherapy
research association.
As a result,
the Speedwagon Foundation
cannot help you escape
from the prison
or protect you from any harm.
Still willing to take the risk
and come to the courtyard?
Yes, I'll go.
So... how exactly
do I get it to you?
We shouldn't discuss
that matter over the phone.
All I can say is,
please look for
"Savage Guardian."
It'll make sense there.
How about we call this
"Operation Savage Guardian"?
[line clicks, beeps]
[Jolyne] Savage Guardian.
Is that a thing? Or a person?
Whatever. I'll figure it out.
I gotta head
to the courtyard.
From floor one's cafeteria,
in order to get
to the courtyard,
first I have to go
through that gate,
then walk upstairs
in the back.
And finally, cross over
the connecting corridor
on the second floor
into the medical wing.
-[door buzzing]
-You may go through. Huh?
You're FE40536?
You're the nuisance who was
sent to the punishment cell.
You're restricted
from accessing
certain parts of the prison.
Huh?
Hm? [grunts]
[music intensifies]
[Emporio] Jolyne!
-Emporio.
-Here!
Don't touch the baseball.
[silence]
-Huh?
-I can't let anyone see me.
Come on.
[gasps]
[mechanical rumbling]
Hey, Emporio,
who are those guys?
Oh, don't worry.
They're not enemies.
He'd prefer to sleep in a bed,
of course,
but unfortunately for him,
there simply isn't one
to be found in this room.
So, naturally,
he's got no other choice
but to sleep
in the grand piano.
[door opens]
[Emporio] Jolyne.
This spot is the ghost room
I call home.
It's the place where I live.
A ghost room? Wait...
-Are you a ghost?
-Of course not, Jolyne.
Neither of us are ghosts.
We're both
actual living humans.
Go ahead and touch me!
I have a body temperature
and a pulse.
Listen carefully.
It's not like this room
is inhabited by a ghost.
Rather, the room is a ghost.
Huh?
Would you understand if
I say they're ghost objects?
The Green Dolphin Street Prison
caught fire in 1984
and then underwent
a huge renovation.
This room was one part
of the prison
which completely burned down.
We're inside
"objects of the past."
The ghost of
the music room itself.
[gasps] Wait, so...
Emporio, wouldn't this mean
that you're a...
that you are a...
I was born like this,
with the ability
to use these ghost objects.
Interacting with them
is my Stand power.
[gasps]
Although, they're
the only things I can use.
So, for example,
even this chocolate bar
and Florida orange juice...
[splashes]
I can't actually
eat either of them.
I can taste them, though.
They're pretty good.
[grunts]
[gasps] The heck?
[Emporio] Don't worry, Jolyne.
That little clock got stopped
when the prison was burnt down.
There is still time until
that meeting in 20 minutes.
However...
You discussing how to sneak
the disc out of the prison
over the phone.
How could you be so dumb?
I understand that you're
in a difficult situation,
but Pale Snake
is definitely going to
learn about your scheme now.
Then please, Emporio...
I need you to tell me
a shortcut
to get me to the courtyard.
Hey, don't misunderstand me,
Jolyne.
It's not as if this ghost room
is connected everywhere,
all throughout
the prison complex.
I'm just employing
the ghost items,
which I can use
my Stand power
to interact with in order
to move around
without getting caught,
like this. See?
Nonetheless,
I know we have to do this.
He wants to tag along
with you.
It'd be a good idea to let him.
He'll be a great help.
I forgot to mention.
His name is Weather Forecast.
[rumble]
So this is...
the present day music room?
You can let your guard down
with Weather Forecast.
The reason why
he doesn't talk much
is because
he lost his memories.
Memories?
He doesn't have any memory
of his childhood
or even how he ended up
inside of the prison.
But he has to serve
a sentence of six years.
He likes to stretch out
and walk on his toes.
He loves reading TV guides,
but he doesn't watch TV.
Whenever he does speak,
he doesn't open
his mouth very wide,
so he tends to talk right
in front of your face.
Oh, and nose breath is warm.
Wait, so does this mean
Pale Snake
stole Weather Forecast's
memories?
Probably.
So because of this, he wants
to find out who he really is.
Also, Weather Forecast wants
to help figure out
why your father's memory disc
was stolen from him.
[whispers] My Stand isn't
from a disc.
He said...
He isn't the sort
of Stand User
who has been created
with a disc,
so it sounds like
Weather Forecast
was born a Stand User.
His power...
[bubbles, thunders]
...is to alter and control
weather phenomena.
It's named...
Weather Forecast!
[pop]
[piano music playing]
[clatters]
[grunts]
Just act like
you didn't notice. Pretend.
Well, seems someone
was surprised
by the sound and
looked inside of the room.
I was able to confirm this.
It would appear that
there's somebody
who knows
you're making a move,
and they've come here
to check up on you.
And now,
I've seen the enemy's face.
[gasps]
[squeaks]
Oh, shit.
I had no idea he was already
this close to us all.
But if that guy is
a Stand User,
then we're going to have
to take care of it
right now this instant!
Don't do it, Jolyne!
It's better to hide from him.
Huh?
Keep on running!
He doesn't know that
you're trying
to make your way
to the courtyard!
Think about it.
He only came to find us
because he must not know
what you talked about
on the phone!
If he knew what
your plan was,
then he would have headed
directly to the courtyard.
That's why he's chasing
after us right now
instead of trying
to beat us there!
[splash]
Who... who the hell
is that freak?
We've gotta turn that corner!
Hurry!
Before he catches up to us!
[indistinct chattering]
[tense music playing]
[Emporio] I was correct.
Apparently, hiding
was a really good idea.
That weird man doesn't seem
to have any clue
about where it is
you're heading to.
But what the hell was going
on with that guy, anyways?
The way he ran
on all fours was so strange.
We were pretty lucky.
Good thing the dude was still
slower than us regardless.
Hm, still.
You should make your way over
to that courtyard
as soon as you possibly can.
The phone call you made
to the Speedwagon Foundation
was definitely recorded,
but I get the feeling
Pale Snake
hasn't actually heard that yet.
Quicker you go,
less dangerous it'll be.
Medical wing's over there.
Once you make your way
past the medical wing,
there's a gate for the corridor
around the corner.
It leads towards the factory,
and then to the men's prison
across the courtyard
you're trying to reach.
Both the men and
the women prisoners
can access the medical wing.
And given that Weather Forecast
is a guy,
[theme song playing]
if he tells the guards
on duty that
he's going back to
the men's prison,
then he can definitely go
to the factory entrance
through the corridor.
Or at least
that's what he said to me.
You first.
Okay, sounds like a plan.
And I'd just need
to bribe the guards, right?
Fifty bucks enough?
Sure, but tell them
that you need
to repair your boots
at the factory.
No matter what, though,
even if you were able to go
through the medical wing
of the prison,
you'll have to get
into the courtyard by force.
Security is light,
but if you get caught,
they can shoot at you.
You'll get yourself another
five years for prison-breaking.
You think I have
to force my way in?
Guess I'll just have
to roll with it.
I have no choice.
Besides, what's an additional
five years
to my prison sentence?
It's essentially nothing,
you know?
Thanks for all
your help, Emporio.
Sure...
but I can't go further.
Please, revive him.
I want your father
to come back to life,
back to consciousness.
Because if he does so,
then I think we can
start to see
some hope in
our world again.
Hm?
[sizzles]
Shit! Damn it!
What the hell is up
with this can of cola?
You just touched my drink,
didn't you?
[exhales]
Didn't you shake
or touch this can
when I wasn't looking?
Well, you better go
get me a new one now, inmate.
As if. No way I'd touch that.
The only thing I touched
was your little saucer plate.
Hm...
My right shoe has
a big old hole in its heel.
Can you see it?
It's a bit of a safety hazard.
So I'd really like to get it
repaired at the factory.
Hm...
Uh... did you not hear me?
I spilled my cola because
of you.
Where's that damn towel?
[grunts] Wait,
are you seriously telling me
I need to go buy you
another can of soda right now?
And then I need to pour it
in your cup for you?
Come on, man!
That's ridiculous.
Why don't you do this
on your--
[intense music builds]
[drip]
[grunts]
[gasps]
What?
What is this?
Here's what
I'm looking for. A towel.
You can go now.
But you have to be
back here within 20 minutes.
Huh? What the...?
She's already gone?
Hang on a sec.
Where's my cup and saucer?
[grunts]
What the hell is all of this?
Could it really be...?
[gasps, yells]
Wha-- what the...?
The guard's saucer
is floating in the air.
The cup in my boots too.
For some reason, the cola
isn't splashing everywhere.
It's floating balls of liquid.
Every single thing
I touch inexplicably
becomes unmoored,
suspended in the air.
Like this 50 dollar bill
floated itself
straight out of
that guard's pocket.
And even myself!
But since when?
Did all of this
weird stuff begin
when that strange guy
started to chase after me?
During his pursuit, he spit
some sort of substance at me.
Is that why?
[gasps] The... the disc!
Oh no! It fell out
because my body flipped.
Stone Ocean!
[grunts] Just my luck.
Why can't I control my thread?
I don't have any sense
of direction, up or down.
There's no gravity here!
I must be in
a zero-gravity zone!
[guard] Going to
the men's prison?
All right then,
proceed ahead.
[squishes]
[grunts]
That guy.
He's gonna take the disc!
Because I put my full strength
into it, I lost my balance.
Gotta focus on this!
Go in one direction.
Like a rocket!
[huffs]
[gasps]
[crunches]
[gasps] Hey, what the hell?
[hisses] Well, damn it.
Stupid disc.
I can't destroy it.
It bounces back into shape,
like some type of rubber.
That's probably the reason
why Pale Snake instructed me
to just collect the disc
for him.
[gasps] No, way!
Hey, Weather Forecast!
Don't go any further away
from me!
Can you hear me?
I'm being attacked again!
[muffled] He stole the disc!
If we can't catch him here,
everything is over!
Everything will end here.
Don't let him go!
No...
My voice doesn't reach him.
[gasps]
Ugh, somebody got in the way.
And here I was thinking that
I was only going to have
to kill that woman,
Jolyne Cujoh.
[buzzing]
[whirring]
Prepare for
Jumpin' Jack Spark!
Weather Forecast, listen!
His Stand power is
gravity removal!
And don't touch whatever
it is he shoots at you.
Try to dodge it, or else
you'll become weightless!
[whirring] Zero-gravity zone.
If you truly are
a Stand User,
then you should be fully aware
what it is this means.
So do you think
you can you figure that out?
[whirring intensifies]
[crash]
What you've just thrown
at me...
looks like
a piece of garbage.
This Weather Forecast guy.
He's apparently very powerful,
but his ability to control
the weather
is still a mystery to me.
That cloud cover he summoned
is probably working
as an atmospheric layer.
He simply reflected away
our enemy's attack with
that resistance.
And that man's arm spin
has centrifugal force!
Since it's weightless,
it can accelerate forever
with that spinning force.
Which would mean,
since the core
of his body stays still,
he can accurately aim
with strong power!
Jumpin' Jack Spark!
No! Weather Forecast!
-[crash]
-[gasps]
Fire? Where did this fire
come from?
Air resistance friction?
This is seriously not good.
It's spreading all over
my body now!
Release the zero gravity!
[squelches]
This is the end for you!
[woman over speaker]
The abnormality alarm
has been activated
in hallway 7B.
I repeat.
The abnormality alarm...
Oh, shit.
Must've been the impact.
I've retrieved the damned disc
and yet...
The gate is closing!
What should I do?
It's getting even harder
to go to the courtyard now.
But we have no other choice!
The enemy will be trapped
in here too.
It's my chance to get
the disc!
-[whirring]
-[metal clatters]
[gasps] What? No!
What in the hell?
[grunts]
Everything that you touch,
if I'm right...
It becomes weightless.
Am I correct...
Jolyne Cujoh?
[music builds]
[gasps]
The courtyard is
just up ahead.
Still, though...
Where is that
anti-gravity wielding thief?
I need to get the disc back.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]